Desc in the store:This app is based on Naruto, which is a cartoon show based on a Japanese manga series written by Masashi Kishimoto. This app contains everything a Naruto fan can wish. This app is also good for those who wants to get started with Naruto. It features Story, Characters and Jutsu.


Story:
Naruto is cartoon show based on a Japanese manga series written by Masashi Kishimoto. It tells the story of Naruto Uzumaki, an amateur ninja who constantly searches for recognition and dreams to become the Hokage, the strongest ninja in his village who is acknowledged by all of the villagers.

The series follows the life of Naruto Uzumaki, Sasuke Uchiha and Sakura Haruno as they join the Ninja Academy to fulfill their different motives and the adventures of Team 7 lead by Kakashi Hatake.


History
A giant, powerful fox known as the Nine-Tails attacks the ninja village Konoha, killing many people. In response, the leader of Konoha – the Fourth Hokage – seals the fox inside the newborn Naruto Uzumaki at the cost of his life. The Kohona community regards Naruto as if he were the Nine-Tails itself and often ridicules him throughout most of his childhood. A decree made by the current Kage, the Third Hokage, forbids anyone mentioning the attack of the Nine-Tails to anyone else. This includes Naruto, who is unaware of the fox inside of him.





history
A large, powerful fox named the Nine-Tails Fox attacks the ninja village hidden in Leaf "Konoha", killing many villagers. In response, the Fourth Hokage seals the fox inside his own newborn son Naruto Uzumaki at the cost of his life. The villagers regards Naruto as if he were the Nine-Tails itself and often hate him throughout most of his childhood. The Third Hokage reassumes the position of Hokage and forbids everybody from mentioning about Nine-Tails Fox, even to Naruto.





1. Naruto:  An energetic amateur ninja who wishes to become Hokage, the leader of Konoha and be acknowledged by everyone.

2. Sasuke: A smart and highly skilled "genius" of the Uchiha clan. His primary motivation throughout the series is to avenge the annihilation of his entire clan by killing his brother, Itachi Uchiha

3.Sakura: She is a member of Team 7 like Naruto and Sasuke, who is infatuated with Sasuke but ironically has Naruto's affection.

4. Kakashi Hatake: The quiet and mysterious leader of the team 7, has sharingan in his Left eye.

5. Oruchimaru:  a former ninja of Leaf village scheming to destroy his former home, as well as the elite ninja of the criminal organization Akatsuki.

6. Iruka Umino: He is a teacher at Ninja Academy, the first person to belief in Naruto and believe in him.

7. Hiruzen Sarutobi: is the Third Hokage of village hidden in leaves

8. Might Guy: He is the leader of Team Guy, always competiting against Kakashi in the name old friendship.

9. Rock Lee: favourite member of the Team Guy, he cannot use Ninjutsu so depends on Taijutsu for fighting.

10. Tenten: a member of the Team Guy, she uses ninja tools to fight the battles.

11. Neji Hyuga:  is a member of Team Guy and a child prodigy of the Hyuga clan, as well as being Hinata's cousin. He uses Byakugan his eye prowess to fight.

12. Jiraiya: one of the "Legendary Sannin, a perverted old man who occasionally returns to the village, reporting the activities of Orochimaru and Akatsuki.Also referred to as "Toad Sage" or "Pervy Sage".

13. Tsunade:The Fifth Hokage, one of the "Legendary Sanin" and granddaughter of Hashirama Senju (First Hokage) and Mito Uzumaki, After her boyfriend Dan Kato and brother Nawaki die in pursuit of their dreams to become Hokage, she loses faith in the title and the concept of dreams. She regains her faith in both after meeting Naruto Uzumaki, who consistently overcomes any obstacle in his own dreams of being Hokage.

14. Danzo Shimura: A classmate of The Third Hokage, he is the leader of Foundation, a group which is filled with highly skilled ninja's to protect leaf village from any external threat.

15. Konohamaru Sarutobi: He is the grandson of The Third Hokage. He also shares the dream of Naruto of becoming Hokage and follows Naruto.

16. Yamato: He is a anbu who worked alongside Kakashi. He is able to use wood jutsu because of cells of First Hokage in his body implanted in his body by Oruchimaru.

17. Nine Tailed Fox: It is the tailed beast sealed inside Naruto. Used by Madara in his attempt to wipe out Konohagakure at the time of its foundation, Kurama is defeated and sealed within Hashirama's wife and then transferred to Kushina Uzumaki two generations later.

18. Temari: Elder sister of Gaara and a Wind Style Kunoichi. 

19. Kankuro: Middle one of the 3 siblings which includes Gaara. He uses Puppet master style  of ninja fighting.

20. Shizune: She is one of the finest medic ninja, acts as an assistant of Tsunade.

21. Choji Akimichi: member of Team 10, He uses Body Expansion Jutsu to fight.

22. Shikamaru Nara: member of Team 10, excellent planner and strategist, uses Shadow Binding Jutsu to fight.

23. Ino Yamanaka: member of Team 10, childhood friend of Sakura. She is also infactuated towards Sasuke like Sakura.

24. Gaara: A sand shinobi, son of Kazekage (Leader of the Sand Village), Jinchuriki of one tails.

25. Itachi Uchiha: former ninja of Leaf village and older brother of Sasuke. He is the child prodigy of Uchiha who is considered to slaughter all of his clan sparing just Sasuke.
s

26. Senju Hashirama: He is the wood style ninjutsu user. He is the one who has created the Konoha using his wood style ninjutsu. 

27. Onoki: He is the Leader of Stone Village. He uses particle style ninjutsu to fight.

28. Kabuto:He is a medic ninja, who constantly follows Oruchimaru.





