Luffy :
As captain of the Straw Hat Pirates, Monkey D. Luffy has immense physical strength, and is capable of lifting up large boulders, breaking stone, shattering steel with his bare hands, pushing apart large buildings and shoulder flipping a huge man.
Luffy also possesses tremendous speed, agility, and reflexes to match his strength and endurance
His vast strength is only exceeded by his enormous willpower, as demonstrated on several occasions throughout the series.
He also possesses extraordinary jaw strength

Luffy's fighting style consists of adept hand-to-hand combat, supplemented with his physical prowess and the abilities of the Gomu Gomu no Mi.
He is heavily susceptible to any form of hypnotism and does not have the sense to turn away
Even though Luffy is a sailor and the captain of his ship, he has no sense of direction.

One of Luffy's greatest advantages is that people actually tend to underestimate him
A second advantage is his unpredictability. Due to his unique, fun-loving, battle-ready personality, and his elastic physique, opponents (and even his allies) are caught off guard by his tactics.
Luffy is said to have incredible luck

Story :

 Monkey D. Luffy is the primary protagonist of One Piece Anime and Manga. One Piece is created by Eiichiro Oda.One Piece story starts when Luffy sails from the East Blue to the Grand Line in search of the legendary treasure One Piece to succeed Gol D. Roger as the King of the Pirates. 
He is the captain of the Straw Hat Pirates and along his journey, he recruits new crew members with unique abilities and personalities such as Pirate Hunter Zoro, Black Foot Sanji, Cat Burglar Nami etc.. 
He fights several antagonists, such as the Crocodile, one of the Seven Warlords of the Sea, Captain Buggy, Hawk Eye, Merman Arlong and the World Government.

Chibi :

Family:

Abilities AND Powers

Gomu Gomu no Mi (Gum-Gum Fruit):  Devil Fruit that enables the user's body to stretch like rubber, making the user a Rubber Human. It was originally a treasure that Shanks and his crew took from an unspecified enemy,[1] but was accidentally eaten by the series protagonist Monkey D. Luffy.

Gomu Gomu no Mi/Gear Second/Gia Sekando : This technique involves Luffy speeding up the blood flow in all or selected body parts, in order to provide them with more oxygen and nutrients. This makes him much faster and more powerful.  

Gomu Gomu no Mi/Gear Third: Luffy corks his mouth with his thumb, bites into his thumb joint (making a small opening) and blows very hard into it, which inflates his arm. He is then able to transfer the air through his entire body, requiring the torso to act as an interface for his various limbs. Luffy blows so much air into his body that when they are all focused on a single limb, they become the size equivalent to (or greater than) that of a giant's

Haoshoku Haki (Conqueror's Haki): is a rare form of Haki that cannot be attained through training. Only one in a million people have this ability. This type of Haki grants the user the ability to dominate the wills of others. The most common usage in the series so far is knocking those with weak wills unconscious.

Kenbunshoku Haki (Mantra):is a form of Haki that allows the user to sense the presence of others, even if they are concealed from view or too far to see naturally